Sonic Adventure 2 "Graveyard Theory"
Zone Runners (DiGi Valentine, halc and Sir Jordanius)

LYRICS:
[Intro (DiGi Valentine)]
Yo, we're the Zone Runners.
And this time we're at Pumpkin Hill.
You ain't ready.

[Verse 1 (halc)]
I ain't gonna let it get to me, I'm just gonna creep
Down in Pumpkin Hill, I gots to find my lost piece
I know that it's here, I can sense it in my feet
The grey emerald's power allows me to feel
I can't see a thing, but it's around somewhere
I'm gonna hold my head 'cause I have no fear
This probably seems crazy, a graveyard theory
But a ghost tried to approach me and got leery

[Verse 1.5 (DiGi Valentine)]
Asked him a question and he vanished in a second.
I'm walking through valleys, crying pumpkins in the alleys.
They didn't seem happy, but they sure tried to get me.
Had to back 'em up with the fist, metal cracklin'.
I'm hearing someone saying you's a chicken, don't be scared.
It had to be the wind, 'cause nobody wasn't there.
I searched and I searched as I climbed up the wall
and then I started to fly, I went in deeper, uh!

[Chorus (Sir Jordanius)]
Let it get to me? I'm just gonna creep
Down in Pumpkin Hill, I gots to find my lost piece
I know that it's here, I can sense it in my feet
The grey emerald's power allows me to feel
I can't see a thing, but it's around somewhere
Gonna hold my head 'cause I got nothin' to fear
This probably seems crazy, graveyard theory
A ghost tried to approach me and got leery

[Verse 2 (halc)]
(Yo)
I ain't gonna let it get to me, I'm just gonna hang
Down in Pumpkin Hill because I need my next drank
I tried a pint of vampire blood and I liked it
'Cuz they said just a drop would make me go Hyper
And now I'm walking like Frankenstein
Because I need another taste of that fine red wine
Lain silver chains and pulled fangs
Without pain, drained veins and a staked brain
What? Are my raps too violent?
Yo, I didn't kill the guy, just keeping him quiet
That you can log as a merciful attack
The True Death reserved for the guy who calls bars raps
(Ding dong) trick or treat, its'a me, halc, yessiree and I'm a doctor this year,
So please, why don't ya hand over all the candy
And we won't have to show you our graveyard theory

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 (DiGi Valentine)]
Yo, Dr. halc. Let me clear out some of these corpses, bredda.

I ain't gonna let it get to me, I'm just gonna chill
Down at Pumpkin Hill, I'm gonna keep it hella real
Serving hot soup, force feed beyond your fill
when you wanna test me but you lack any skill.
Bloodsuckers wanna hunt me in the night,
but their fangs only talk, they never really bite.
Take a stake or two and drive it through your chest in one strike.
Now, what was it about me you didn't really like?
Get stalked by the undead
so I got 12 gauges aimed at his dumb head.
Turn pumpkins from orange to blood red.
Grab your jack-o-lanterns, here comes the sunset.
(Aaoo-oo-oooo)
Howl at the moon.
Whispers in the air, I'm coming for you soon.
Yeah. I got a graveyard theory
that says you'll be buried before you get anywhere near me.

[Chorus 2 (Sir Jordanius)]
Let it get to me? I'm just gonna creep
Cemetery pop-lockin' dancing machine
Time to moonwalk, and I can feel it in my feet
The Thrillin' of this Killin' got me groovin' to this beat
Ain't hard to see, the funk is everywhere
Bobbin' my head 'cause I got nothin' to fear
This may seem like a conspiracy theory
An alien chick was DTF, I said "Girrrl, ah-HEE!"

But it's around somewhere
I gots to find my lost piece
But it's around somewhere
Let it get to me...

Well, hello

Let it get to me? I'm just gonna creep
Down in Pumpkin Hill, I gots to find my lost piece
I know that it's here, I can sense it in my feet
The grey emerald's power allows me to feel
I can't see a thing, but it's around somewhere
I'm gonna hold my head, I got-got nothin' to fear
This probably seems crazy, graveyard theory
A ghost tried to approach me and got leery

[Outro (Sir Jordanius)]
Spooky, spooky, Spoo-KEE
Spooky, spooky scary skeletons

Spooky scary skeletons
Shivers down your spine
Shrieking skulls will shock your soul
And seal your doom tonight
